Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
Don’t buy anything made with Velcro. It’s a total rip-off.
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
Wise people think all they say, fools say all they think.
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
What kind of tea do you drink with the queen? Royal-tea.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So, I had to put my foot down!
It’s bad luck to be superstitious.
There are two kinds of people who don’t say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. They’ll never expect it back.
What kind of cleaning product feels a lot of motivation in life? All-purpose.
What do you call a dinosaur that crashes his car? Tyrannosaurus Wreck.
Light travels faster than sound, which is the reason that some people appear bright before you hear them speak. 
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.
Hallmark Card: “I’m so miserable without you, it’s almost like you’re still here.”
What’s a writer’s favorite train station? Penn Station.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!
I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
The rotation of Earth really makes my day.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.
What did the hat say to the hat rack? “You stay here, I’ll go on ahead.”
Geology rocks, but geography’s where it’s at.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
I buy all my guns from a guy called T-Rex. He’s a small arms dealer.
Why couldn’t the couple respond right away when looking at wedding venues? They were engaged.
